virsa romance
virsa drama
chanasuchimuchi romance
haseena romance
haseenokamela romance
haseenakamela comedy
wohtileykyjaanihai comedy
wohtileykyjaanihai romance
taxi707 romance
ladorani romance
ladorani action
phoolaurkantey action
phoolaurkantey war
numberdani action
ilyasgujjar action
paraidhee action
paraidhee romance
khamoshraho drama
khamoshraho romance
ekaurghazi action
ekaurghazi drama
bol drama
bol romance
luvmeinghum drama
luvmeinghum action
luvmeinghum romance
bhailog romance
bhailog action
jugni romance
jugni action
kafira romance
kafira action
daanypydaana drama 
daanypydaana action
thakur420 drama
thakur420 comedy 
sonofPakistan action
sonofPakistan drama
lahoria action
acchagujjar action 
malangbadshah action
inteqam action 
shareeka action
shareeka drama
sherdil action
charsi action
golchakkar drama
golchakkar comedy
bodyguard action
bodyguard drama
inteha drama
pakhawaribadmash action
dilpraeydaismein romance
dilpraeydaismein drama
siyah horror
siyah mystery
siyah action
bholaishtiyari action
bholaishtiyari drama
sherkhan action
notension comedy
mastmalang action
chambali thriller
chambali drama
merishadikarao drama
merishadikarao comedy
MenaKawaKho302MaKawa comedy
MenaKawaKho302MaKawa drama
lovestory drama
lovestory romance
munafiq action
sarkar action
sarkar drama
ishqkhuda drama
josh mystery 
josh thriller
josh sports
zamaarman romance
loafer action
loafer romance
shart drama 
shart action
dirtygirl romance
qurbani drama
qurbani action
mainhonshahidafridi sports
mainhonshahidafridi drama
zindabhaag drama
seedlings drama
thesystems action
thesystems drama
tamanah drama
tamanah crime
sultanat drama
sultanat romance
dukhtar drama
dukhtar thriller
Namaloomafraad comedy
Namaloomafraad thriller
Q21 thriller
homannjahaan romance
bachaana romance
maalik action
maalik thriller
hijrat romance
hijrat thriller
hotal thriller
akshbandh horror
sawal700croredollaarka action
sawal700croredollaarka thriller
ishqpositive romance
ishqpositive comedy
revengeoftheworthless action
blindlove romance
terimerilovestory romance
terimerilovestory comedy
janaan romance
janaan drama
janaan comedy
actorinlaw comedy
zindagikitnihaseenhai romance
zindagikitnihaseenhai drama
thefinalwitness action
thefinalwitness drama
jeewanhathi comedy
lahoreseaagey comedy
rahm drama
rahm thriller
dobaraphirse romance
dobaraphirse drama
gardaab romance
gardaab drama
OyeKuchKarGuzar comedy
sayaekhudaezuljalal action
thorajeele comedy
balumahi romance
balumahi romance
whistle action
whistle thriller
raasta action
raasta drama
stirgaysrenamanum action
chalaythaysaath romance
yalghaar action
firasat action
firasat thriller
mehrunisavlubu romance
mehrunisavlubu comedy
zakhmona action
zakhmona thriller
geosaruthakey action
geosaruthakey drama
chainayena romance
sangat action
sangat drama
namaloomafraad2 comedy
namaloomafraad2 thriller
punjabnahijaungi romance
punjabnahijaungi drama
saawan drama
verna drama
rangreza romance
arth-thedestination romance
arth-thedestination drama
chupanchupai comedy
chupanchupai drama
parchi comedy
maanjaona romance
maanjaona comedy
pari horror
azad comedy
azad drama
7dinmohabbatin romance
7dinmohabbatin comedy
azaadi action
azaadi drama
azaadi romance
nabandnabaraati romance
nabandnabaraati comedy
wajood thriller
shorsharaba romance
shorsharaba comedy
jackpot comedy
teefaintrouble romance
teefaintrouble action
teefaintrouble comedy
jawaniphirnahiani2 romance
jawaniphirnahiani2 comedy
jawaniphirnahiani2 drama
loadwedding romance
loadwedding comedy
parwaazhaijunoon romance
parwaazhaijunoon action
thedonkeyking comedy
3bahadur action
gumm action
gumm thriller
laalkabootar thriller
sherdil action
projectghazi action
junooneishq action
junooneishq romance
chhalawa romance
chhalawa comedy
wrongno2 romance
wrongno2 comedy
kataksha horror
baaji romance
baaji drama
baaji comedy
readysteadyno romance
readysteadyno drama
readysteadyno comedy
tumhitoho romance
tumhitoho drama
heermaanja romance
heermaanja comedy
kaafkangana romance
kaafkangana drama
pareyhutlove romance
pareyhutlove comedy
superstar romance
superstar drama
sonofkashmir action
durj thriller
theevilmarriage horror
